Boy, I know what you've done
Not much ability
Fox fake tiger might has a hand
I'm curious.
Which big shot did you rely on this time?
Who are you?
Lian Gaoju Tiandou
Lord Zhang Zhenfeng, who is in the position of Middle Wolf, doesn't know him
So ignorant
Wolf in Heaven
In terms of grade, I am one level higher than you
What qualifications do you have to challenge Mr. Lin?
Citi Month
In both seniority and ability, I am far superior to you
You can be a god general
It must have been a shady means
But the Heavenly Dou system is strict
Long Shuai will definitely destroy you
You won't be proud for long, will you?
Zhang Zhenfeng, I've heard of it.
You sneak into our heaven at the age of 50
It's not easy
I thought you were an old hero
I didn't expect it to be an old man
How dare you scold me?
Who is making trouble?
Today is Longxia Centennial Celebration
Who dares to make trouble here?
Lord Wang, Uncle Zhong, about this celebration
It seems to be more important than before.
Colorful holy light has appeared in Longxia these days
Take this opportunity to hold the Longxia Centennial Celebration
It is related to the national luck after Longxia
Of course you should pay attention
Hahaha what are you laughing at
Lord Wang, you may not know something.
On that day, the sky was steep and the sun and auspicious clouds rang
It's actually that kid named Linzer
Caused by standing on the dragon platform
We were there.
Longtai is all because this waste material is too waste
It caused the failure and smoked.
That's just a ridiculous big oolong incident
Lord Wang, you don't have to worry too much
Haha, Longtai has no intention for a hundred years
The reason why it is smoking now
It's because of the tester's combat power
It far exceeds the bearing limit of Longtai